Sean McGoey

Journalist and Master's degree candidate

smcgoey@umd.edu
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/seanmcgoey/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/seanmcgoey
GitHub: https://github.com/smcgoey



Experience:

Senior Specialist, Performance Media

Merkle Inc.

June 2015 - July 2019

I planned and executed digital advertising campaigns for retail, financial services and education clients, primarily using the Google advertising suite and Facebook Business Manager. I contributed to the "Digital Bowl," a yearly report analyzing how well (or poorly) Super Bowl advertisers supplemented their expensive TV spots with digital advertising efforts, and covered industry developments for Merkle's Digital Marketing Channels blog.



Editorial Consultant, UpCurrent

Gannett

August 2014 - April 2015

I produced all of the editorial content for a mobile trivia game based on news and current events, publishing six quizzes per day in a custom content management system. I also ran Facebook and Twitter accounts for the project.



Digital Producer, High School Sports

WWL-TV

August 2014 - December 2014

I ran a standalone high school sports website for a TV station in New Orleans. I published over 200 web articles, recruited a user-generated content network from local high schools and assisted in the production of the station's weekly prep football show. I also filled in on the station's web desk after the departure of a coworker, writing local interest stories for the station's website and cutting video from the morning show.



Summer In-Residence Fellow

Gannett

June 2014 - July 2014

I interned with a group of college students and recent graduates, developing new millennial-focused products for Gannett. My team's project, a mobile news trivia game, was selected for further development after the end of the summer program.



Education:

Master of Journalism, Multiplatform Journalism, University of Maryland, 2020
Bachelor of Arts, Economics, Minor in Computer Science, University of Virginia, 2014


Skills:

Audio editing, data analysis in Excel, podcasting, Squarespace, SQL, WordPress
